All of the core items on the TODO list are finished.  During August,
Pace will do some more QA testing and possibly minor tweaks to display
formatting, but it should be ready to present a very similar
experience to applicants as last year, and to give Jon all the new
features he requested.  (The organization of the admin interface is
almost identical to last year, which is to say, it has not evolved all
that logically.  Making that better can be a project for next year!)

Jon should do some basic testing, and optionally invite others to
also.  Pace will be at Pinewoods Aug 10..17, but available before and
after for tweaks.

Pace will ask 3 or 4 people to make beta test applications during the
week of Aug 25 for final testing, and the system will be ready for the
application window to open any time from Sept 1.  To actually open the
application window, Pace needs to throw a switch in the program to
make applications start going into the production bucket.

The url that should be used in all promotional materials is

    https://apply.neffa.org

Until Seth gets back and tweaks the dreamhost configuration, you'll
see url's that look like https://www.apply.neffa.org/... (with www
added).  These work, but we'll eventually suppress showing it that
way.  This mainly means you need to be extra careful right now not to just
copy a link out of your location bar if you're using it in an
announcement message or something.

Also, note that it will work if someone goes to http://apply.neffa.org
(using http instead of https).  The system will automatically redirect
to the secure https version, but again, let's not publish it the wrong
way. 

Jon should email Pace updated text where needed for:

* the instructions at the top of the application

* the thanks message (visible, for example, at
https://apply.neffa.org/thanks.php?a=89yaq777 )

* the confirm message (visible, for example, at
https://www.apply.neffa.org/confirm.php?app_id=638 )
  
* the list of questions

I'm append a summary of all the changes I made.  You don't need to
read that stuff unless you're curious about the details - I'm just
collecting them here to remember what was done.

Pace


================================================================

Many changes to database interface and auxiliary programs to allow
running on non-root dreamhost server.  Migrate 2019 data to mysql.

Change "From" address for emails to applications@neffa.org

Add facility to switch view between prior year and current year data,
and between test and production data.  The current settings and a
button for changing them are shown at the top of the page listing
applications.  When you first login, it will show test data for the
2020 festival.  Once the application window opens, I'll change the
default to be production data.  I don't know if keeping last year's
data available after new applications are coming in is a net plus - it
may be useful to refer back, but it may cause confusion.  I can make
it harder or impossible to access if desired.
 
On the list of all applications, add Group Name when relevant and
improve display.

Add ability to email confirmation with pcode.  Accessed via a link
called "view confirm page" in the pink box at the top of the admin
view of an application.

When the "not found in NEFFA database" message is shown next to a
performer or group name, add a link "[refresh]" which fetches fresh
data from the master neffa database.  You'll get used to the normal
output when you do that.  If it gets you an error message, Pace can
look into it.

Added NEFFA branding

Fix static references to 2019 festival (and make them use the current
year, plus 1 if necessary, so there will be less to change in future years).

Remove json download options

Display the page generation time in the upper left corner (only when
logged in) so Pace can monitor performance ... you can ignore it.
